hello welcome to the stand
by yamaha at ifa 2012 in berlin
i want to give you our new ones here
imagine the headphones of the pro series
There are three headphones in total
this pro series of hph pro 300 400 and
500 of these lifestyle headphones in the
high-quality execution stand out
out by their very high quality
sound quality and of course her great
design and the variety of colors there are three
Overall white black and yamaha colors
racing blue
the special here for example
this top model resp
That is true for all three headphones
this little remote control that is
This earphone is officially iphone
certified iphone ipod ipad
you can with this remote control at
an ipod once the player control that
means volume or sometimes one
title before jump or if a call
if you put the whole thing on an iphone
then you can do with the middle one
taste the conversation accept or
the volume control microphones in it
So handsfree
the special here at the 500er
headphones with metal housing is that one
the access cable on both sides
can be infected
that means you can yourself
choose how to wear the whole
would like to have extensive accessories for
We have the portable use
relatively short cable which just stops directly
the player goes to the whole if you like
home at the stereo operates there
there is a corresponding longer cable in the
delivery
so that you stop the longer way to
stereo can bridge
an adapter is of course also
in front of 63 pawl and this beautiful
transport bag because the headphones is
yes also foldable and then fits in this
transport bag yes that was it to these
headphones to those from this
high quality pro series
I wish a lot of fun with the
more videos until next time
Thank you very much